TABLE OF CONTENTS:
    a.) Intro/Game Description
    b.) Gameplay Loop
    c.) Combat
    d.) Hero Classes



Introduction/Game Description: 
    Smithin Ain't Easy is a game where you play as a blacksmith, and make choices on what to outfit your soldiers with, as they go on missions/quests, and bring back loot for you to make more things.

Gameplay Loop:
    Login or play as guest
        If login:
            Connect to db and get user data
        If guest:
            Create session user (even guests get to rank)

    Start game
        (Data) Default squad is created, squires
        Game UI appears:
            Main Menu, Squad Status, Options
                Context window has welcome screen, gives directions

        1st action
            Quest Icon Highlights, signaling players to click on it
                Quest Menu Opens
                    1st quest highlights
                        Player chooses
                            Monster A
                            Monster B
                        See Results
                            Choose Reward - what to haul back?
                                Loot - enemy weapons/gear (more powerful, but don't count towards any class requirements)
                                Gold (to be spent towards class upgrade requirements)
                            Back to main UI
        Back after 1st mission
            Buy from shop
                Hire new troops (maybe hire non troops?)
                Buy Weapon/Armor/etc.

            Choose Class
                See list of classes
                    Required items list
                    Confirm upgrade (if you meet criteria)
            Check Bestiary
                All Enemies are ?s
                    If you're logged in, you can see greyed out descrptions of enemies you've defeated in past games
                Defeated enemies are listed
            ?Turn in sidequests?
                Fill out bestiary, in parts (ex: defeat all humanoids)
            Go On Next Quest
            Repeat

        Game ends when player has no squad, and not enough money to buy troops
            Final Results are shown

Combat:
    Combat is done in rounds. There are no actions for players to take during combat, it resolves itself.
    All of the strategy comes from choosing upgrades wisely.
    By the start of combat, you're just watching whatever you sent into motion, success or failure.
    
    Example round:
        Game checks for firstStrike, all soldiers/creatures with first strike go before anyone without. If both player and monster have it, player goes first. 

        Squad of 6 soldiers (with bows) fight 20 goblins. One at a time, each soldier gets one shot at a goblin. If they miss, the next soldier goes and shoots the same goblin. Then, each goblin gets a chance to hit a soldier. This goes back and forth until one side is defeated. 

Hero Classes:
    Your squad members all start as squires, but after obtaining certain equipment, players can upgrade their squad to a hero class.
        Ex: Soldier/Paladin/Assassin
    
    Each Hero class comes with a unique perk.
        Ex: Paladins heal each turn, Archers can attack twice on first turn if they slay an enemy, etc.

    Upgrading requires a unit to have certain equipment.
        Ex: Soldier requires Chain Armor and Shield.

    Having the required items equipped simply unlocks the class, the items are not consumed. 
    Upgrades are permanent, and individual per unit. You may want to upgrade your units into different hero classes to become more effective on the battlefield. 